## 2016 Annual Board Meeting
- Date: 25 Oct 2016
- Attendees: Jon, Andy, Ben, Celia, Dillon, James, Jerry, Max, Paul, Aaron.
- Start Time: 7:42P
- End Time: 8:52P

## Agenda:
1. Financial status update
2. 501c3 application status update
3. Board Meeting Schedule for 2017
4. Board and officer election
5. Conflict of interest forms
6. Other Business

## Minutes:

### 1. Financial status update
Jon listed all the financial transactions from Oct 2015 - Sept 2016.

### 2. 501c3 application status update
IRS says “they lost it”, even though we have the FedEx receipt. Plan is to re-submit in January, as we'll have another 
Hour of Code event by then, so emphasize our educational & community focus.

We want to find a non-profit accountant: Max may know someone.

### 3. Board Meeting Schedule for 2017

Andy proposes that for the 2016-2017 board year, we meet quarterly, the first month of each quarter: October, January, April ad July.
We can always cancel if there is nothing on the agenda.
He also proposes that we set an exact date no later than the 15th of the previous month. The board vote was unanimous: 5 in favor.

### 4. Board and officer election

#### Officer positions

We have four officer positions:
- Secretary: keeps records, and ensures that everything is filed
- President: presides board meetings and general running of the board
- Treasurer: keeps records of funds
- General council: reviews all legal contracts, ensures board acts in accordances with the law

The vote was unanimous (5 in favor) for all officerships:
- Secretary: Celia
- President: Andy
- Treasurer: Jon
- General council: Ben

#### Board seats

The board sets financial policy, and has the ability to create committees/chairs/officerships. 
Note that the term of a board seat is 12 months (from the October annual board meeting until the next October annual board meeting).
However, committees/chairs/officerships can be created at any time.

James proposes that we expand the board by 2 seats, from 5 to 7 seats. This was not approved: 4 against, 1 in favor.

There were 5 nominations for the 5 board seats. Since the number of persons nominated was the same as number of open board seats, we
did not count votes. The board members for the October 2016 - October 2017 will be:
- Jerry, 
- Jon, 
- Andy, 
- Ben, 
- Celia

### 5. Conflict of interest forms

Conflict of interest form needs to be completed by all board members, officers and chairs. These were completed, signed by
Jerry, Jon, Andy, Ben, Celia.

### 6. Other Business

#### How to spend more money
We have a surplus in the bank, and because we are a non-profit we cannot make a profit, so we need to figure out how to spend
this money. One idea was to award more scholarships. The board plans to brainstorm in more detail at January's meeting.

#### Next day video
We still don't have videos from PyGotham published because there's a slight audio-sync issue with some videos. 
We've told Carl to publish all of them, and of people complain about individual videos we will fix. 

Logistical note: UN has all videos from OpenCamps, of which we were one of several events, so this strategy is better than us
going through all and trying to find the ones we need.

#### Being a community sponsor for PyCon 2017

We've been a community sponsor for PyCon for the last 2 years, which cost nothing and required no work on our part. 
But this year PyCon is requiring all community sponsors to have a booth, and to be present at the expo booth during all
session breaks/meals. They have a limit of 11 community sponsors/booths.

We need to decide if we want to be a community sponsor this year. Benefits include free conference admission 
(but not transportation/lodging). This requires from us:
- 2-3 reps, to cover shift rotations during breaks/meals
- Booth stuff: table cloth, banner, stickets, etc. This will cost some money, but is within our budget.

Potential Reps Jon is 80% going. Andy is a strong maybe. Reps do not have to be a board member/officer.

#### Hour of Code (Sat, Dec 10)

90% sure we have the space at NYU. Our biggest need is getting volunteers/mentors, and getting the word out to the public.
We need 3 sponsors: we have 1 confirmed so far.

#### PyGotham

PyGotham 2016 was a part of the first annual OpenCamps at the UN. OpenCamps' 2016 goal was 5,000 attendees. 
For 2017 it's 10,000: the idea for 2017 is to run for 3 weekends, with a tentpoll event each weekend.

Venue update: We will find out Thursday about OpenCamps (eg if/that it's happening again): the logisitical complication is that OpenCamps is 
run by the UN's IT department, but they must have a delegate to sponsor and boom the room on their behalf. After Thursday,
we will need to take action either way: if OpenCamps is happening, then we can move forward with planning PyGotham at the UN;
if OpenCamps is not happening, then we will need to find a venue for PyGotham 2017 ASAP.

We should start meeting monthly, ideally starting early November, to start prepping for PyGotham. Sounds like Tuesdays during the
meetups is a good time for this.

Based on last year's PyGotham event at OpenCamps, we want to ensure the following for next year's planning:
- That we also book set up time
- That volunteers come day before

#### BAP website

We should have by-laws & spending & minutes on our site
